Fill in "What Is Imitation" section in docs (#609)
HumanCompatibleAI/imitation: docs/getting-started/what-is-imitation.rst

======================
What is ``imitation``?
======================

> ``imitation`` is an open-source library providing high-quality, reliable and modular implementations of seven reward and imitation learning algorithms, built on modern backends like PyTorch and Stable Baselines3. It includes three Inverse Reinforcment Learning (IRL) algorithms, three imitation learning algorithms and a preference comparison algorithm. The algorithms follow a consistent interface, making it simple to train and compare a range of algorithms.

Author: Done.

> ``imitation`` is an open-source library providing high-quality, reliable and modular implementations of seven reward and imitation learning algorithms, built on modern backends like PyTorch and Stable Baselines3. It includes three Inverse Reinforcment Learning (IRL) algorithms, three imitation learning algorithms and a preference comparison algorithm. The algorithms follow a consistent interface, making it simple to train and compare a range of algorithms.

Author: I ended up just listing the algorithms out - also happy to specific their category if you think we should do that too.

A key use case of ``imitation`` is as an experimental baseline. Small implementation details in imitation learning algorithms can have significant impacts
on performance, which can lead to spurious positive results if a weak experimental baseline is used. To address this challenge, ``imitation``'s algorithms have been carefully benchmarked and compared to prior implementations. The codebase is statically type-checked and over 90% of it is covered by automated tests.

In addition to providing reliable baselines, ``imitation`` aims to simplify the process of developing novel reward and imitation learning algorithms. Its implementations are *modular*: users can freely change the reward or policy network architecture, RL algorithm and optimizer without touching the codebase itself. Algorithms can be extended by subclassing and overriding relevant methods. ``imitation`` also provides utility methods to handle common tasks to support the development of entirely novel algorithms.

> Our goal for ``imitation`` is to make it easier to use, develop, and compare imitation and reward learning algorithms. The library is in active development, and we welcome contributions and feedback.

Author: Done.

======================
What is ``imitation``?
======================

> ``imitation`` is an open-source library providing high-quality, reliable and modular implementations of seven reward and imitation learning algorithms, built on modern backends like `PyTorch <https://pytorch.org/>`_ and `Stable Baselines3 <https://github.com/DLR-RM/stable-baselines3>`_. It includes implementations of :ref:`Behavioral Cloning (BC) <behavioral cloning docs>`, :ref:`Generative Adversarial Imitation Learning (GAIL) <gail docs>`, :ref:`Adversarial Inverse Reinforcement Learning (AIRL) <airl docs>`, :ref:`DAgger <dagger docs>`, :ref:`Density-based reward modeling <density docs>`, :ref:`Maximum Causal Entropy Inverse Reinforcement Learning (MCE IRL) <mce irl docs>`, and :ref:`Reward Learning through Preference Comparisons <preference comparisons docs>`. The algorithms follow a consistent interface, making it simple to train and compare a range of algorithms.

Author: Done (I went with the tutorial ordering).

A key use case of ``imitation`` is as an experimental baseline. Small implementation details in imitation learning algorithms can have significant impacts
on performance, which can lead to spurious positive results if a weak experimental baseline is used. To address this challenge, ``imitation``'s algorithms have been carefully benchmarked and compared to prior implementations. The codebase is statically type-checked and over 90% of it is covered by automated tests.

In addition to providing reliable baselines, ``imitation`` aims to simplify the process of developing novel reward and imitation learning algorithms. Its implementations are *modular*: users can freely change the reward or policy network architecture, RL algorithm and optimizer without touching the codebase itself. Algorithms can be extended by subclassing and overriding relevant methods. ``imitation`` also provides utility methods to handle common tasks to support the development of entirely novel algorithms.

Our goal for ``imitation`` is to make it easier to use, develop, and compare imitation and reward learning algorithms. The library is in active development, and we welcome contributions and feedback.

> For using the library, feel free to refer to our recommended

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out our recommended
```

> :ref:`First Steps <First Steps>` or check out out one of our tutorials, such as this one on behavioral cloning: :doc:`../tutorials/1_train_bc`. For contributing, we suggest you refer to the :ref:`Developer Guide <DevGuide>` as well as more specific guidelines for :ref:`Contributing <Contributing>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:ref:`First Steps <First Steps>` for an overview of how to use the library. We also have tutorials, such as :doc:`../tutorials/1_train_bc`, that provide detailed examples of specific algorithms. If you are interested in modifying ``imitation`` then we suggest you refer to the :ref:`Developer Guide <DevGuide>` as well as more specific guidelines for :ref:`Contributing <Contributing>`.
```

Reviewer: I think it's clearer if we directly describe what the docs do, e.g. that first steps gives an overview, rather than just saying they may wish to refer to this or that. However, please do check my suggestion and you may wish to edit it further.

Author: Thanks, mostly incorporated with some minor changes.
